feat: docs of gitlab pipeline action (#346)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/gitlab-pipeline/gitlab-pipeline.md

| `projectName`    | `string`  | Defines the GitLab project Name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `port`                               |
| `groupName`      | `string`  | Defines the GitLab group name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `port-labs`                          |

> | `defaultRef`     | `string`  | The default ref (branch / tag name) we want the action to use. <br></br> `defaultRef` can be overrided dynamically,<br></br> by adding `ref` as user input. <br></br> If not set, the agent triggers `main` branch                                                                                                                                          | `main`                               | `port-docs` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaultRef`     | `string`  | The default ref (branch / tag name) we want the action to use. <br></br> `defaultRef` can be overriden dynamically,<br></br> by adding `ref` as a user input. <br></br> If not set, the agent triggers the `main` branch                                                                                                                                          | `main`                               | `port-docs` |
```

> | `omitPayload`    | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send [`port_payload`](#action-message-structure) JSON string as an additional parameter to the GitLab pipeline (default: `false`).                                                                                                                                                                                               | `true` or `false`                    |

Author: changed it , being accurate it's payload , not a variable or a parameter

| `omitUserInputs` | `boolean` | Flag to control whether to send the user inputs of the Port action as [GitLab CI/CD variables](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/) to the GitLab pipeline. <br></br> By default, the user inputs are passed as variables (default: `false`). <br></br> When disabled, you can still get the user inputs from the `port_payload` (unless omitted too). | `true` or `false`                    |

## Further steps

> - Contact us through Intercom to set up a Kafka topic for your organization runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contact us through Intercom to set up a Kafka topic for your organization.
```
